
# Rules for participants
             
### 1. Definitions

1.1 The Organizer - Infoguru Sp. z o.o. Sp. k. with its registered seat in Poznan, Poland, ul. Truskawiecka 13, 60‐478 Poznań, entered in the Register under the number KRS 0000721810, NIP 7811967834, REGON 369698530, which registration files are kept by the District Court Poznan - Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznan, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register (Sąd Rejonowy Poznań – Nowe Miasto i Wilda w Poznaniu VIII Wydział Gospodarczy Krajowego Rejestru Sądowego)

1.2 Service – the Internet service available on the Internet at [www.targiehandlu.pl](www.targiehandlu.pl), under which the administrator enables registration for the Event.

1.3 The Event – an event organized or co-organized by the Organizer, the information on which is included in the Service - in particular on the organization and accessibility hours for participants.

1.4 The Ticket - ordered trough the Service and free of charge ticket generated by the Organizer, authorizing, to a single entry as a participant to the Event on the day of its organization. 

1.6 User - a natural person who has at least limited legal capacity, which uses the Application for any purpose, including, in particular in order to receive the Ticket.

### 2. General Provisions

2.1 The Organizer provides the following email address: hello@targiehandlu.com.pl, intended for staying in contact with him, in particular to report problems with the use of the Service and any irregularities related to ordering Ticket.

2.2 To properly use the Service and order the Ticket one must have a device connected to the Internet that enables to use its resources and have an active email account.

2.3 Use of the Service is free.

### 3. Order of the Access

3.1 To order the Ticket on the Service website at [www.targiehandlu.pl](www.targiehandlu.pl) one must complete the registration form including the following information: email address, first name, surname, job title, brand name, Tax Identification number, mobile no., and then click "Register for free".

3.2 By clicking "Register for free" the User simultaneously accepts these terms and conditions.

3.3 The ordered Ticket will be sent no later than one day before the Event to the email address provided by the User in the form.

### 4. The ticket and participation in the Event

4.1 The Ticket is the only document valid for taking part in the Event in the hours of access for participants.

4.2 The Ticket entitles to join to the Event only a person who received a registration confirmation e-mail.

4.3 In order to enter the Event the Ticket must be printed and presented at the entrance to a person authorized by the Organizer to control the Ticket along with identity cards including data complying with the data on the Ticket (name and surname).

4.4 Persons not having a registration confirmation e-mail will not be admitted to the Event.

4.5 Persons joining the Event are obliged to comply with the Terms and conditions for the participants.

### 5. Technical problems and complaints.

5.1 Any technical problems and complaints related to the operation of the Service should be submitted to the Organizer at the email address given in Section 2.1.

5.2 Organizer immediately, not later than 14 days from the date of receipt of the notification, shall respond by sending an e-mail to the address from which he received the notification.

### 6. Personal data

All information about personal data protection and privacy one can find here in our​​ ​[https://targiehandlu.pl/legal/visitors-data](https://targiehandlu.pl/legal/visitors-data) Information about personal data protection

### 7. Final provisions

7.1 These terms and conditions are available on the [https://targiehandlu.pl/legal/visitors](https://targiehandlu.pl/legal/visitors), and in the Organizer's office.

7.2 Administrator allows anyone to download these terms and conditions and save them on his own data carrier.
